README.md, before:

## FPGA Assembly (FASM) Parser and Generation library

This library provides a textX grammer for the FASM file format some basic
functions for parsing and generating FASM files.

## FPGA Assembly (FASM)

FPGA Assembly is a file format designed by the
[SymbiFlow Project](https://symbiflow.github.io) developers to provide a plain
text file format for configuring the internals of an FPGA.

It is designed to allow FPGA place and route to not care about the *actual*
bitstream format used on an FPGA.

![FASM Ecosystem Diagram](docs/fasm-diagram.png)

### Properties

 * Removing a line from a FASM file leaves you with a valid FASM file.
 * Allow annotation with human readable comments.
 * Allow annotation with "computer readable" comments.
 * Has syntactic sugar for expressing memory / lut init bits / other large
   arrays of data.
 * Has a canonical form.
 * Does not require any specific bitstream format.

### Supported By

FASM is currently supported by the
[SymbiFlow Verilog to Routing fork](https://github.com/SymbiFlow/vtr-verilog-to-routing),
but we hope to get it merged upstream sometime soon.

It is also used by [Project X-Ray](https://github.com/SymbiFlow/prjxray).

Commit message:

Update README.md with build instructions.
Signed-off-by: Dusty DeWeese <dustin.deweese@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

## FPGA Assembly (FASM) Parser and Generation library

This library provides an ANTLR grammar for the FASM file format and some basic
functions for parsing and generating FASM files.

## Build Instructions

CMake is required, and ANTLR has a few dependencies:

    sudo apt install cmake default-jre-headless uuid-dev libantlr4-runtime-dev

Pull dependencies in `third_party`:

    git submodule update --init

Build:

    make build

Test with:

    python setup.py test

## FPGA Assembly (FASM)

FPGA Assembly is a file format designed by the
[SymbiFlow Project](https://symbiflow.github.io) developers to provide a plain
text file format for configuring the internals of an FPGA.

It is designed to allow FPGA place and route to not care about the *actual*
bitstream format used on an FPGA.

![FASM Ecosystem Diagram](docs/fasm-diagram.png)

### Properties

 * Removing a line from a FASM file leaves you with a valid FASM file.
 * Allow annotation with human readable comments.
 * Allow annotation with "computer readable" comments.
 * Has syntactic sugar for expressing memory / lut init bits / other large
   arrays of data.
 * Has a canonical form.
 * Does not require any specific bitstream format.

### Supported By

FASM is currently supported by the
[SymbiFlow Verilog to Routing fork](https://github.com/SymbiFlow/vtr-verilog-to-routing),
but we hope to get it merged upstream sometime soon.

It is also used by [Project X-Ray](https://github.com/SymbiFlow/prjxray).
